c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\GospodarkaMagazynowa.exe.config
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\GospodarkaMagazynowa.exe
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\GospodarkaMagazynowa.pdb
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\GospodarkaMagazynowa.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\GospodarkaMagazynowa_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\GospodarkaMagazynowa_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\GospodarkaMagazynowa.g.resources
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\GospodarkaMagazynowa.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\GospodarkaMagazynowa.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\GospodarkaMagazynowa.exe
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\GospodarkaMagazynowa.pdb
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\UserControls\Hurtownia\HurtowniaUserControl.g.cs
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\UserControls\Hurtownia\ContractorUserControl.g.cs
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\UserControls\Hurtownia\StorehouseUserControl.g.cs
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\UserControls\Hurtownia\ContractorUserControl.baml
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\UserControls\Hurtownia\HurtowniaUserControl.baml
c:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GospodarkaMagazynowa\obj\Debug\UserControls\Hurtownia\StorehouseUserControl.baml
