c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\GM1.exe.config
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\GM1.exe
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\GM1.pdb
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\obj\Debug\GM1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\obj\Debug\GM1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\obj\Debug\GM1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\obj\Debug\GM1.g.resources
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\obj\Debug\GM1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\obj\Debug\GM1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\obj\Debug\GM1.exe
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\obj\Debug\GM1.pdb
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\GospodarkaMagazynowa.exe
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GM1\GM1\bin\Debug\GospodarkaMagazynowa.pdb
